MIAJS-1482 - Missing text for Directions step (#596)
MapsIndoors/docs: src/web/v4/getting-started/directions.md

// main.js

const directionsRendererOptions = { mapsIndoors: mapsIndoorsInstance }
const miDirectionsRendererInstance = new mapsindoors.directions.DirectionsRenderer(directionsRendererOptions);
```

</mi-tab-panel>
<mi-tab-panel id="components">

### Get Directions Service and Render instances

> First, add two new `let` statements all the way at the top right after the `miMapElement` constant for storing our _Directions Service_ and _Directions Render_ instances:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, add two new `let` statements all the way at the top, after the `miMapElement` constant, for storing our _Directions Service_ and _Directions Renderer_ instances:
```

Was the wording "top right" intentional?

Author: Nope 👍
